Intro sequence
set_stat noble_lord_progress 1
set_stat noble_lady_progress 1
set_stat merchant_bartender_progress 1
set_stat merchant_business_progress_1
set_stat military_hero_progress 1
set_stat military_officer_progress 1
set_stat civilian_icon_progress 1
set_stat civilian_eagre_progress 1
set_stat suscpicion 1


"You awake once more within The Garden, the faux birds chirp, blipping in and out of this semblance of peace."
"The marble bench you lay upon has that slick plastic warmth, tacky even within this deluded place."
"You reach out your hand and your dossier had always been there."
"You might as well flip through it as the too-fast setting of the artificial sun heralds the end of your stasis."
"Cracking open the plexiglass envelope you skim the details of your coming task-"
"boilerplate detailing your role as a Prior Facilitator to the Executor-"
"a planetary governance realignment-"
"an assasination, exciting-"
"disparate populace, unruly-"
"A sidebar on one sheet contains a tiny grainy video of a swirling white planet."
"It couldn't be-"
"The Planet Sclera, rapt in her terrible caustic silica storms-"
"-the singular city, Credence, cowering in its sinkhole - 100 clicks across."
"Resembling a great eye, turned away from its sun in shame."
"This couldn't be happening."
"Somehow, despite the odds, they had brought you home."
"It had to be a mistake. Nobody could know. How would they have-"
"If they found out, they'd have you killed for their mistake."
"Your hands start shaking, and a cold sweat breaks even in this place where your body isn't..."
"..."
"Juddering for a few minutes as you enter the atmosphere, The Garden flickers out leaving you in a chill almost-darkness within your pod."
"You pat yourself down and smooth out any creases in your garment as moist breathable air is pumped in."
"More shaking announces your landing. Industrial machinery screams, the click-clack of heels on stone floor, the roar of a distant crowd..."
"And then you emerge from the pod in the manner rehearsed, stepping forward into a deep bow."
"The taste of the air here is a familiar stale in your mouth as you nod your way through perfunctory introductions."
"You were really home on Sclera, where you took the Vow of Impartial Service so many years ago."
"How could you possibly be balanced in deciding who should rule your home!"
"The Corroborance was so meticulous, always triple-checks and fastidious forms-"
"Or rather, they never made a mistake anyone heard about."
"Had you been sent here to die? Whose toes had you stepped on?"
choice:
    "Could it be the Envoy from Barlow Station?":
    " You always suspected she had it in for you."
    "Maybe the Grand Clement at Murtagh Point?":
      "Surely that gown wasn't so expensive as to justify this?"
    "The attendant from the banquet at Incisor 7?":
      "How could you have known that was the wrong fork!"
"Regardless, you find yourself in mortal danger. You will have to keep your origin under wraps both here and in your report."
